Add READMEs to components that are missing one (#65)
webex/components: src/components/WebexLocalMedia/README.md

# Webex Local Media Component

> Webex local media component displays the user local stream if enabled and avatar of a _Webex Teams_ user if disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Webex local media component displays the user local stream, if enabled. If user's local media is disabled the avatar of the current  _Webex Teams_ user is displayed.
```
